hey Jack and killed this generation
Charles we'll be showing you how to get
the unique lead pipe and fallen azaleas
are you going to do is go to the sewers
outside of the Vegas right now we're in
kind of an oddball sewer place that
there's no location for it really pretty
close but after going through the east
central sewers you'll run down to this
little door you'll see a chick that will
already live at the Chiappa or a
suspender guy named wyeandluke take his
key you do not need them both put
and then you go to this one place well
we go back to the center that still
words and there's lots of gold and
there's couple things kind of confusing
this place is really big yeah lots of
places
appreciated you'll know when you're
there because you'll teach co2 ones here
guys just killed by fire we killed them
they'll be scenes above the song no I
shouldn't make your life their public I
thought we killed them
my mama's vacuuming sorry if you can
hear that she is a very loud person um
she could see their blind Luke
I'll show you
alright moving him
oh look I chose this life it's big
so it's very confusing we've all gotten
lost dozens of times
oh I think he will appear good yep 20
are guys that we killed we cleared out
all of the fiends already and yeah
pretty simple whose record gules we've
got a chance off of the gun runner's
arsenal DLC it's 240 Microsoft ones if
you're an Xbox a I'll pick it up they
give you 27 new weapons this is or it is
or weapons they can like put attachments
all mag anti-materiel rifle yep but
other than that this really cool lead
pipe for melee fans um yeah
well chains like homes though that we
could bring a ripper to and be beggin
course there is here's this guy surgeon
and a little thing ie has the humble
cudgel cudgel will show you it's cool
he also has a fire XXL which is funny
this fire axe is better than this weapon
it's just a bunch of poor however
anything you can think of here yeah well
it's about it this generation tutorials
rate comment subscribe thanks for
watching